README.md, before:

# UT Full-Stack Bootcamp Module 1 Challenge
[Starter Code](https://github.com/coding-boot-camp/urban-octo-telegram)

## Main objective
This module challenge focuses on accessibility, and involves refactoring an existing code to follow accessibility standards, and ultimately make it optimized for search engines.

### Acceptance Criteria
```
GIVEN a webpage meets accessibility standards
WHEN I view the source code
THEN I find semantic HTML elements
WHEN I view the structure of the HTML elements
THEN I find that the elements follow a logical structure independent of styling and positioning
WHEN I view the image elements
THEN I find accessible alt attributes
WHEN I view the heading attributes
THEN they fall in sequential order
WHEN I view the title element
THEN I find a concise, descriptive title
```

## Webpage
[**Github Pages**](https://whatnameshouldiuse.github.io/angelo-accessibility-challenge/Develop/index.html)

![Screenshot of the deployed webpage](./Develop/assets/images/Full-Page-Screenshot.png)

## License
LICENSE information available in repo.

Commit message:

Added more description for the README file

README.md, after:

# UT Full-Stack Bootcamp Module 1 Challenge
[Starter Code](https://github.com/coding-boot-camp/urban-octo-telegram)

## Main objective
This module challenge focuses on accessibility, and involves refactoring an existing code to follow accessibility standards, and ultimately make it optimized for search engines.

### Description
The website itself is a landing page for a company named Horiseon, the 'seo' part standing for 'Search Engine Optimization.' As its name implies, this company is primarily focused on providing services to ensure other businesses can advertise their own services in an accessible, widespread manner.
The landing page itself follows a typical format, using various visual elements in a clear manner, summarizing the services provided and the potential benefits they provide.

### Problem
Despite the focus on Search Engine Optimization, the original source code for this landing page barely follows the principle rules of SEO - Overuse of div elements, redundant and functionless classes and ids for CSS, zero alt or aria attributes, etc. As part of the assignment, my goal was to ensure the source code for this page met accessibility standards by refactoring the HTML and CSS files.

### Acceptance Criteria
```
GIVEN a webpage meets accessibility standards
WHEN I view the source code
THEN I find semantic HTML elements
WHEN I view the structure of the HTML elements
THEN I find that the elements follow a logical structure independent of styling and positioning
WHEN I view the image elements
THEN I find accessible alt attributes
WHEN I view the heading attributes
THEN they fall in sequential order
WHEN I view the title element
THEN I find a concise, descriptive title
```

## Webpage
[**Github Pages**](https://whatnameshouldiuse.github.io/angelo-accessibility-challenge/Develop/index.html)

![Screenshot of the deployed webpage](./Develop/assets/images/Full-Page-Screenshot.png)

## License
LICENSE information available in repo.
